so I've spent the last three years
leading marketing teams at agencies and
when I recently talked to my buddy Bill
King drift he shared something with me
that I couldn't not share with you
here's a short clip less than a minute
long from my chat with Bill where he
shares a fundamental difference between
being an in-house marketer and being an
agency side-marker this mindset shift is
absolutely crucial if you want to be
successful let's check it out well
especially I think this is super
important for in houses like when you're
in you're in a house your mindset has to
be totally different than it is when
you're working like on behalf of a
client my job is a lot of evangelism
it's a lot of bringing these insights to
life it's working with the other teams
getting them pumped about stuff
influencing the process that they have
that's where most of the value comes
from I still do a lot of tactical stuff
but like not as much as I would if had I
been working on agency side and that's
where you're gonna get the most impact I
think like that also comes into having a
little bit more experience and like
looking at all the assets you have how
do I get the most out of these things
right versed it's just like how do I
ship the most that's a mentality shift
that I think has to happen at some point
if you want to grow so what I found to
be is that that is super crucial look at
the assets that we have and think about
how can we get the most out of this
versus just shipping as much as possible
but spoiler I do disagree that this is
different between being in house and
being in an agency the work that I do is
the SEO Directorate directive being a
good marketing consultant especially
doing performance marketing for software
companies like we do it directive it's
absolutely essential that we get in
their business we look at all the assets
that they have and we think about how to
get the most leverage out of them is
there stuff that we can engage our there
are white papers nobody's reading any
more that we can publish as articles all
these are their podcast episodes from
two years ago that are still relevant
and evergreen that we can reap remote
all of these different assets they have
instead of just trying to ship more than
anybody else instead of giving them 50
content briefs or helping them write a
hundred new articles let's look at what
they already have that mindset shift is
essential no matter what kind of
marketing you're doing whether agency
organ house a couple things that I think
will be helpful if you check out the
description below check out the rest of
my playlist the rest of my interview
with Bill King I also have another
playlist on there that's super helpful
for you whether you work in SAS software
or b2b marketing I've got a great
playlist for you of all of my best
marketing tips for that area and if
you're like me you're super pumped about
SEO do two things number one with two
things do number one please subscribe to
this channel make sure you get all of
our latest updates a lot of videos I'm
putting out all about SEO and marketing
number two check out the free five-day
SEO challenge at 100 days of seo.com
slash challenge learn SEO super quick
it's the biggest bang for a buck just
five days if you're creating videos and
podcasts like me make sure you check out
podracer calm jackie and the team of
hydrator who helped me turn my blog post
and my article in my videos and
everything into articles that's what I'm
trying to say exactly what we talked
about in this video right like taking
those assets and turning them into
actually repurpose content so you can
leverage in other channels check out Pat
Richard calm and I would love for you to
comment below where are you working
right now are you working an agency are
you working in-house at a company let me
know where you work right now drop a URL
like you look promote where you work and
if it's your company promote that to let
me know in the comments below
I've been Brenda Hough for don't forget
to work hard be nice people and don't
get too lost trying to create something
that matters
[Music]